[Fix-16918][Task] Fix wrong permissions configuration while executing shell (#16923)
apache/dolphinscheduler: docs/docs/en/guide/security/security.md

- Tenant Code: **The tenant code is the user on Linux, unique and cannot be repeated**
- The administrator enters the `Security Center->Tenant Management` page, and clicks the `Create Tenant` button to create a tenant.

> Note: 
> 1. Currently, only admin users can modify tenant.

> > 2. If you create a tenant manually in the environment, you need to add the current tenant to the configured group, otherwise the tenant does not have working directory permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. If you create a tenant manually in the Linux, you need to add the manually created tenant to the dolphinscheduler bootstrap user's group, so that the tenant will have enough working directory permissions.
```
